comp/otelcol: add collector component and otel-agent binary (#18360)
DataDog/datadog-agent: comp/README.md

Package runner implements a component to generate metadata payload at the right interval.

## [comp/otelcol](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/DataDog/dd-agent-comp-experiments/comp/otelcol) (Component Bundle)

*Datadog Team*: opentelemetry

> Package otelcol contains the OpenTelemetry Collector bundle pipeline to be included

Reviewer: The fact that we use the Collector is an implementation detail. The feature is called OTLP ingest, I think we should keep naming it as such so long as we don't make changes to the product

```suggestion
Package otelcol contains the OTLP ingest bundle pipeline to be included
```
